Updating quick start enterprise (#10571)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/enterprise/getting-started.mdx

Now, lets create a new Teleport user "joe" with "access" role:

```bsh

> $ sudo tctl users add --roles=access joe --logins=joe,ubuntu,ec2-user

Reviewer: Can you put `--logins` before `joe`. It's easy for the argument to "get lost" when it's placed in between flags like this.

With a certificate in place, Joe can now interact with the Teleport cluster:

```bsh

> # SSH into any host behind the proxy (joe user should already exist on the node):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# SSH into any host behind the proxy (Unix user 'joe' should already exist on the node):
```

`access` role. Feel free to change these to suit your needs.

```code

> $ docker exec teleport tctl users add testuser --roles=access --logins=root,ec2-user=ubuntu

Reviewer 2: Just double-checking that final `=` should be there—I'm not sure I've seen that syntax in the value of `logins` before.

Author: yes, thanks.  corrected and made in the format of the earlier tctl users add
